Update the documentation README and DOCS.README (#197)
cloudinary/cloudinary-js-base: DOCS.README.md

</div>

```javascript
import Cloudinary, {TransformableImage} from '@cloudinary/base';

const cld = new Cloudinary({
  cloud: {
    cloudName: 'demo'
  },
  url: {
    secure: true // force http or https
  }
});

// Plug the image type into your instance
cld.useImage(TransformableImage);

// Import the RotationModeAction
import {mode} from '@cloudinary/base/actions/rotate';

// Remember, mode is a function that returns an Action
// but we refer to both as a RotationMode action

// The RotationModeAction (mode) requires a Qualifier
// That qualifier will require a certain QualifierValue
// To make life easier, you can import all possible QualifierValue(s) of rotate 
import * as RotationMode from '@cloudinary/base/values/rotate';

// You can also import only the required QualifierValue you want
import {verticalFlip} from '@cloudinary/base/values/rotate';
// RotationMode.verticalFlip === verticalFlip

const myImage = cld.image('sample');

// rotate() accepts a RotationModeAction (mode)
// mode() has a Qualifier, however because that Qualifier is mandatory, we pass it directly to the factory
// We pass it verticalFlip() as a QualifierValue to flip the image vertically

> // As you can see, QualifierValues are also functions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// As you can see, QualifierValues are also functions:
```

This project enables you to create Cloudinary URLs for your images.
Using this SDK, you can apply advanced transformations to your images.

<br/>
<hr/>
<br/>

### Installation
```bash
npm install @cloudinary/base 
```

<br/>
<hr/>
<br/>

### Simple usage
```javascript

// Import the cloudinary class, and the assets you want to use
// In this case, we import a TransformableImage type.
import Cloudinary, {TransformableImage} from '@cloudinary/base';

// Create your instance
const cld = new Cloudinary({
  cloud: {
    cloudName: 'demo'
  },
  url: {
    secure: true // force http or https

>   }

Author: Yes, it's still not by default, and I also wanted to have something in the example that has a URL configuration

});

// Plug the image type into your instance
cld.useImage(TransformableImage);

// Lets create a new image
const myImage = cld.image('sample');

> // The image interface exposes alot of useful functions we call ActionGroups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// The image interface exposes a lot of useful functions we call ActionGroups
```

// Each ActionGroup accepts a matching Action as a parameter

// For example, resize is an ActionGroup that needs a ResizeAction to work
// There are many types of Resizes, so we'll need to be specific.
// This doesn't make much sense on its own
// myImage.resize();  

// the resize() ActionGroup needs an Action parameter
// Lets give resize() a ResizeScale paramter to scale our image
// We import all of our Action parameters from @cloudinary/base/actions/{actionGroup}
// Note that you can import all Resize Actions, or just the single one you want
import Resize, {scale} from '@cloudinary/base/actions/resize';
// Resize.scale === scale

> // Explose the Resize object to discover more resize actions

Author: Explore - As: Check what's inside the Resize object to discover more actions
